Added CORS preflight request to expressly (#10)
fastly/expressly: docs/docs/config.md

> Default 🔴 `false` 🔥 experimental

When set to `true`, [`res.send`](handling-data/response.md#ressend) will try to [infer the `Content-Type` header](https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html#res.send) from the data it is passed, if the header is not set.

### autoCorsPreflight

> Configures options for [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures options for [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) automatically.

```

> Configures options for [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) automatically.
> ```autoCorsPreflight: {trustedOrigins []}```: An array of trusted origins from which to automatically accept CORS preflight requests. Using the literal value "```*```" as a wildcard will only work if the request is being sent *without* credentials. See the [MDN documentation on Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Origin#directives) for more.

Reviewer: Improve formatting here a bit

```suggestion
Configures options for [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) automatically.
* `trustedOrigins`: An array of [origins](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Origin) from which to automatically accept CORS preflight requests. Using the literal value `*` will accept all domains but will only work if the request is being sent *without* credentials. See the [MDN documentation on Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Origin#directives) for more.
```

> Default 🔴 `false` 🔥 experimental

When set to `true`, [`res.send`](handling-data/response.md#ressend) will try to [infer the `Content-Type` header](https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html#res.send) from the data it is passed, if the header is not set.

### autoCorsPreflight

Configures options for [Cross-origin resource sharing](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) automatically.

> * `trustedOrigins`: An array of [origins](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Origin) from which to automatically accept CORS preflight requests. Using the literal value `*` will accept all domains but will only work if the request is being sent *without* credentials. See the [MDN documentation on Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Origin#directives) for more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `trustedOrigins`: An array of [origins](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Origin) from which to automatically accept CORS preflight requests. Using the literal value `*` will accept all origins but will only work if the request is being sent *without* credentials. See the [MDN documentation on Access-Control-Allow-Origin](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Access-Control-Allow-Origin#directives) for more.
```
